AssignmentThis assignment will be marked out of 100 and carries 50% of the overall module weighting. Your .javafiles and report for this part must be uploaded to WebLearn and submitted by 3pm on Friday xx of March2026. The assignment must be carried out individually so you must not obtain help from anyone otherthan the module teaching staff. You must not copy code from any source apart from the module core textand the module WebLearn site. Collusion, plagiarism (unreferenced copying) and other forms of cheatingconstitute Academic Misconduct, which can lead to failure of the module and suspension from theUniversity.AimThe aim of this assignment is to create 4 classes. The main class will represent a gadget, together withtwo subclasses to represent a mobile phone and an MP3 player respectively. You then have to make agraphical user interface class (GUI) for a system that stores details of gadgets in a shop. The class willcontain a main method and will be tested using the command prompt. You will also need to write a reportabout your program. Your report should be no more than 2500 words in length (excluding the table ofcontents, class diagram, pseudocode and code listing).DeliverablesWhen you are ready to submit your solution, upload your Gadget.java, Mobile.java and MP3.java andGadgetShop.java file to the GitHub. Provide a link to your CS4001-CW-Repository in the first page ofyour assignment. Also provide these java codes in your appendix. You will also have to upload your wordreport to the WebLearn when you are absolutely sure that you have uploaded the correct files, press thesubmit button. You can include you programme codes in the appendix of your report. (ask your tutor ifyou need help completing those classes to the specification of the first part of the coursework.)ProgramProgramThe program should consist of the following classes (with no additional attributes or methods).

The Gadget class has four attributes, which correspond to the model, the price (in pounds), the weight(in grams), the size (e.g. “71mm x 137mm x 9mm”) respectively. The price is a decimal number, theweight is an integer, and the model and the size are strings of text. Each attribute is initialised in theconstructor, by being assigned the value of one of the constructor's four parameters, and eachattribute has a corresponding accessor method. A display method will output (suitably annotated) themodel, the price, the weight and the size

The Mobile class is a subclass of the Gadget class and has just one attribute, which corresponds tothe (whole) number of minutes of calling credit remaining. The attribute is initialised in the constructorby being assigned the value of one of the constructor's five parameters and it has a correspondingaccessor method. The other parameters of the constructor represent the model the price, the weightand the size of the mobile phone and these four values are passed to the constructor of the Gadgetclass.The Mobile class has a method so that the user of the mobile can add (via a parameter) callingcredit to the amount that they currently have. If the amount of credit provided by the user is greaterthan zero then this amount is added to the amount of credit stored in the mobile. Otherwise, amessage is displayed prompting the user to enter a positive amount. There is also a method torepresent the user making a phone call. The user needs to provide the phone number and the durationof the call in minutes. If there is enough credit then a message giving the phone number and durationis displayed and the remaining calling credit is reduced by the number of minutes that the call lasted.Otherwise, a message informing the user that there is insufficient credit to make the call is displayed.A method to display the details of the mobile is required. It must have the same signature as thedisplay method in the Gadget class. It will call the method in the Gadget class to display the model,the price, the weight and the size. The number of minutes of calling credit remaining is then outputsuitably annotated.

The MP3 class is also a subclass of the Gadget class and has just one attribute, which correspondsto the available memory. The attribute is initialised in the constructor by being assigned the value ofone of the constructor's five parameters and it has a corresponding accessor method. The otherparameters of the constructor represent the model, the price, the weight and the size of the MP playerand these four values are passed to the constructor of the Gadget class.The MP3 class also has amethod for downloading music which takes a parameter representing the amount of memory that themusic will take up and, if there is sufficient available memory on the MP3 player, decreases theavailable memory accordingly, otherwise an appropriate error message is printed. There is also amethod for deleting music which takes a parameter representing the amount of memory that the musictook up and increases the available memory of the MP3 player accordingly.A method to display thedetails of the MP3 player is required. It must have the same signature as the display method in theGadget class. It will call the method in the Gadget class to display the model, the price, the weightand the size. The available memory is then output suitably annotated.

The GadgetShop class should store an ArrayList (not an array) of type Gadget to hold the gadgets.An example GUI is shown below: Your GUI (GadgetShop class) should contain the samecomponents, but you are free to use a different layout if you feel that it improves the aesthetics, easeof use etc.Note: This is only an example. Students are encouraged to design their own GUI.Text Field Input MethodsFor each text field, write a method to read its contents and return the value. For the model, size andphone number, the value should simply be returned as a string but, for each of the other text fields, theinput value should be converted into its correct numerical data type and then that value should bereturned.There should be text fields for entering: